Meeting Agenda for [Open Project / Wk7]
Date/Location: 20-Apr-2018 at 01:30 in EN305

Information Updates/Reminders
============================
* This week we'll be continuing developing and researching existing products

Decisions Needed
================
* (D1) Which team member will upload all project-related artifacts (including code, design, meeting agendas and minutes, and documentation)?
* (D2) Which team member will create the contributions wiki page (updated by all team members)?
* (D3) Which team member will create the Resource management class (load and free SFML resource files, music, images, fonts etc)?
* (D4) Which team member will create the Player class?
* (D5) Which team member will create the state based menu management class?

General Items
=============
* Use branches for the different additions
* Asset aquisition discussion
* Current development status discussion
* Product owner is responsible for developing and researching specific requirements. Develop the following wiki pages (similar to the BattleShip project):
    * Team Details
    * Gameplay Overview
    * Game Screens and Flow (without the gameplay screens naturally as we haven't got any yet)
    * User Interface
    * Gameplay
