Meeting Agenda for [Open Project / Wk5]
Date/Location: 13-Apr-2018 at 01:30 in EN305

Information Updates/Reminders
=============================
* This week will be starting developing and researching existing products

Decisions Needed
================
* (D1) Which team member will create the base project files?
* (D2) Which team member will research/develop what coding standard to use (variable/method naming etc)?
* (D3) Which team member will create and develop the Features and Functionality wiki entry?
* (D4) Which team member will create the following wiki pages?
    * Issues and Bugs
    * Ideas and Extensions
    * List of Files
    * Project Planning
* (D5) What IDE will this be developed on (linux and windows)?
* (D6) Who will be responsible for asset creation/aquisition?
* (D7) What is the current development goal?

General Items
=============
* A wiki entry for project planning needs to be added that will have the coding standard outlined along with other useful information like SFML tutorials (See D2)
* Product owner is responsible for developing and researching specific requirements. Develop the following wiki pages (similar to the BattleShip project):
    * Team Details
    * Gameplay Overview
    * Game Screens and Flow (without the gameplay screens naturally as we haven't got any yet)
    * User Interface
    * Gameplay
